Self-Assessment

In review of this course first would like to say how much I really did enjoy it after being a bit apprehensive 
at first!  Such good instruction and being lead toward answers rather than told,  that being said I would have
to say that learning to be self sufficient and utilize google and stackoverflow for guidance and suggestions
as the more I learn and find out about the profession as well as the course itself is that with coding 
(especially syntax) its more about your ability to use these services to and be able to easily find what
youre looking to achieve which is what I was able to easily achieve and has helped immensely!  I dont know
how many times I wrote in slack for people to use stack hah..!  While it was slightly difficult at times to
work with others what whatever reasons,  we did pull together really really well at the end as far as 
collaboration and I think everyone did a wonderful job.  I would say my greatest challenge was learning
the fundementals,  github,  using vscode etc,   the coding actually came very naturally to me and I simply
could not be happier with my decision to persue this career field.



Team Assessment

 For our final analysis we chose accidents,  obvisouly many methods of cleaning and transformation were
used such as visual basic and jupyter notebook,  tableau,  heroku, etc.   we were hoping to provide cohesive
accident predictability using several model types and variables to attain best possible result,  we ended up 
choosing the BalancedRandomForestClassifier model as it gave us the best outcome at 97%.  the team
worked extremely well together and was a great project to summarize key components of our learning, and
we all plan to keep in touch moving forward!



Summary of Project

Basically to summarize we used a BalancedRandomForestClassifier model to achieve best results after
completion on data cleaning and loading to our pgadmin database,  we followed this up with a dashboard
representing casualties as well as more relieving outcomes.  This was a fun interactive dashboard which
we could break down and see graphically everything by region,  given more time I would have prefered to
have it broken out by state,  but this would have been a much longer process during ETL as the granularity
of the source information was only by region.   Followed by a link to our Heroku app which can give 
possibility outcomes based on our algorithm for future travel.

